Update Jedis 4.x plugin to support Sharding and Cluster models. (#677)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Fix a bug in Spring Cloud Gateway if HttpClientFinalizer#send does not invoke, the span created at NettyRoutingFilterInterceptor can not stop.
* Fix not tracing in HttpClient v5 when HttpHost(arg[0]) is null but `RoutingSupport#determineHost` works.
* Support across thread tracing for SOFA-RPC.

> * Update Jedis 4.x plugin to support Sharding/Cluster model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update Jedis 4.x plugin to support Sharding and Cluster models.
```
